Minor fixes to the HTTPS localhost article (#4542)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/when-to-use-local-https/index.md

  - security
---

> Also see: [How to use HTTPS for local development](/how-to-use-local-https).

Reviewer: FWIW I think this one will have the most impact on pointing readers to the other post.

Author: I see, are you suggesting to remove this?

Author: (I tend to think the *How* article is more useful that the *When*, so if readers navigate to *How* I'm feeling OK with this)

Reviewer: No no, the opposite, I think this link placement best solves the issue of readers missing the other post.

    <figcaption class="w-figcaption">When to use HTTPS for local development.</figcaption>
  </figure>

> If you're in this case, check **[How to use HTTPS for local development](/how-to-use-local-https)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
If you need to use HTTPS for one of the above use cases, check out **[How to use HTTPS for local development](/how-to-use-local-https)**.
{% endAside %}
```

Reviewer: Links already have plenty of emphasis (color, underline) so bolding them doesn't really do much. I think this will make it stand out more.

Author: Great idea thanks

## How to use HTTPS for local development

> If you need to use HTTPS for local development, head over to **[How to use HTTPS for local development](/how-to-use-local-https)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use HTTPS for local development, head over to [How to use HTTPS for local development](/how-to-use-local-https).
```

Reviewer: Same as above, I don't think this does much except making our link styling inconsistent.
